feat(skore/checks): Add checks on input features and fast_mode (#2917)
probabl-ai/skore: sphinx/user_guide/automated_checks.rst

- use regularization (Lasso, ElasticNet) to let the model select among
  correlated features,
- group correlated features together before inspecting feature importance.

.. _skd011-golden-feature:

SKD011 - Golden feature
-----------------------

This check is *slow*: it requires fitting one model per feature. Skip it with
``fast_mode=True``.

How it is detected
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For each input feature, `skore` clones the report's estimator, refits it on

> that single feature, and scores it on the test set. A feature is reported as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that single feature, and scores it on the test set. A feature is considered
```

> *golden* when its single-feature scores reach the full model's scores within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*golden* when its single-feature scores are close to the full model's scores within
```
